Next, I would like to tell you a story.
It is about the woman who was a member of the Enshou.
It is a story about a woman named Shiobara.
The woman who was the daughter of Fuji-no-ya, Hana-to-mo-ku-no-na,
saw the fire in the shrine.
So she said that she would go to the shrine.
So she called the shrine from the first day of the month.
But she said that she would not be allowed to talk about the fire.
So she called the friend of the Ashi-darukai, the Aske.
So she went to the shrine.
Thank you very much.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm glad to see you for the first time.
I have something to tell you.
What do you mean?
I mean,
when you become a priest,
you will be a shadow under the tree.
You will be a friend of the Ashi-darukai.
What kind of person is that Ashi-darukai?
I don't know your family.
I see.
Hello, I'm Ayouji.
Do you have any friends?
What?
I see.
Do you have any relatives?
I'm not sure.
You don't have any relatives?
I see.
Do you have a wife?
He is a mountain god.
Mountain god is strange.
He is a human.
I'm a human, too.
I don't ask about you.
What kind of behavior is that person?
It's a question.
You can ask about the person who is mature.
I'm not a mature person.
I see.
You don't have any relatives?
I'm not a food.
What does that person do when he wakes up in the morning?
I see.
He washes his face with water.
But does that person have any relatives?
I don't know.
I don't know what you mean.
I'm not honest.
I see.
I have a request for you.
I don't have a wife.
I'm not a food.
I want to take care of my wife.
I'm not late.
I don't have money.
I don't have luxury.
My family is poor.
I can take care of my wife.
I don't think so.
I'm ashamed of my daughter's flower.
I'm sorry.
I have no time.
I'll talk to you later.